Advertise about preparedb usage (#249)
Tecnativa/doodba-copier-template: docs/daily-usage.md

invoke start
```

> Apply some common configurations for devel to work fine with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also apply some common configurations to help you setup the devel environment (like setting the `report.url` paramenter):
```

```bash
invoke preparedb
```

All of the above in one shot:

```bash

> invoke img-pull img-build --pull git-aggregate resetdb preparedb start

Reviewer: This is not needed, as preparedb is executed by default when resetting the DB, unless you specify `--no-populate`
```suggestion
invoke img-pull img-build --pull git-aggregate resetdb start
```
And, as we are changing :smile: , this is the default also:
```suggestion
invoke img-pull img-build git-aggregate resetdb start
```

invoke start
```

You can also apply some common configurations to help you setup the devel environment
(like setting the `report.url` parameter)::

```bash
invoke preparedb
```

All of the above in one shot:

```bash

> invoke img-pull img-build git-aggregate resetdb start

Author: Revert this, please, it's not the same. `inv img-build --pull` pulls the dockerfile dependencies.

Reviewer: Yes, but `--pull` is true by default: https://github.com/Tecnativa/doodba-copier-template/blob/stable/tasks_downstream.py#L387

Author: 🤦🏼‍♂️ true
